Added some missing stuff from wiki (#45)
EGI-Foundation/fedcloud-integration-documentation: source/faq.rst

.. toctree::

FAQ
===

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Why joining the EGI Cloud?
--------------------------

* To support international communities supported by EGI (e.g. `these research
  communities and applications <https://www.egi.eu/use-cases/>`_ or `these
  research infrastructures in EOSC-hub <https://eosc-hub.eu/research-communities>`_
  or `these business pilots in the EOSC Digital Innovation Hub <https://eosc-hub.eu/digital-innovation-hub>`_.

> * To participate in e-Infrastructure projects (H2020, EOSC) as an EGI compliant IaaS cloud provider.

Reviewer: Too long?

* To participate in resource allocation and in pay-for-use campaigns run by EGI.

* To align access policies and operational model of your cloud with
  international good practices.

* To adopt best practices of multi-cloud federation for the benefit of your
  local users.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Do I lose control on who can access my resources if I join federated cloud?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

**No**

> EGI uses the concept of Virtual Organisation (VO) to group users. The resource

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to have a clear/simple page explaining how we use VO, we could refer to it from various places, maybe something to record as an issue somewhere?

Author: ok, #46 opened. It would be good to have the common docs in place for this.

> provider has complete control on which VOs wants to allow into the resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provider has complete control on which VOs he wants to allow on its resources
```

and which quotas or restrictions to assign to each VO. In the case of OpenStack,
each VO is mapped to a regular OpenStack project that can be managed as any

> other and are isolated to other projects as you have configured in your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other and are isolated to other projects you may have configured in your deployment.
```

Although not recommended, you can even restrict the automatic access of users
within a VO and manually enable individual members.

How many components do I have to install?
-----------------------------------------

Depending on your cloud management framework and the kind of integration this
will vary.

In general, the federation requires your cloud management framework to be
configured to support Federated AAI with EGI Check-in. This may require changes
in your current setup.

> Other components are designed to consume your cloud management framework APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other components are designed to access your cloud management framework public APIs
```

> and do not require modification of your provider. For OpenStack, these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and do not require modification of your deployment. For OpenStack, these
```

components can be run on a single VM that encapsulates them for convenience.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Which components of my cloud will interact with the federated cloud components?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For OpenStack they are:

* Keystone

* Nova

* Glance

* Swift (optional)

Users will also interact with:

* Neutron

* Cinder

to perform their regular activities.

> How my daily operational activities will change?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How will my daily operational activities change?
```

------------------------------------------------

For the most part daily operations will not change.

A resource centre part of the EGI Federation, and supporting international
communities, needs to provide support through the EGI channels. This means

> following up GGUS tickets submitted through helpdesk.egi.eu. This includes

Reviewer: Add a real/working URL

requests from user communities and tickets triggered by failures detected by
the monitoring infrastructure.

A resource centre needs to maintain the services federated in EGI properly
configured with the EGI AAI.

The resource centre will have to comply with the operational and security
requirements. All the EGI policies aim at implementing service provisioning

> best practices and common requirements. EGI operations may promote campaigns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
best practices and common requirements. EGI operations may conduct campaigns
```
